Migrate from `tox 3.28` to `nox` (#3005)
pybamm-team/PyBaMM: CONTRIBUTING.md

10. [Test your code!](#testing)
11. PyBaMM has online documentation at http://pybamm.readthedocs.io/. To make sure any new methods or classes you added show up there, please read the [documentation](#documentation) section.
12. If you added a major new feature, perhaps it should be showcased in an [example notebook](#example-notebooks).

> 13. When you feel your code is finished, or at least warrants serious discussion, run the [pre-commit checks](#pre-commit-checks) and then create a [pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-requests/) (PR) on [PyBaMM&#39;s GitHub page](https://github.com/pybamm-team/PyBaMM).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
13. When you feel your code is finished, or at least warrants serious discussion, run the [pre-commit checks](#pre-commit-checks) and then create a [pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-requests/) (PR) on [PyBaMM's GitHub page](https://github.com/pybamm-team/PyBaMM).
```

Configuration files:

```

> noxfile.py

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.coveragerc
```
